Academics
HI Team,
Received a requirement for the below AWS Global Certifications:
AWS Certified AI Practitioner
AWS Certified Data Engineer - Associate
Total Pax expected - 40 for each course.
Request to share the content, duration, Training cost, lab, voucher cost, exam and other details at the earliest.
Thanks
HI Team,
We have received confirmation to start AI tools for Engineers Program for 4 days.  Tentative date of start will be in Oct 1st week. Attached is the content shared to client.  Need your support to share the trainer profiles.
HI Team,
We have received a requirement from one of the Colleges on Liberal Arts, Coimbatore for delivering Technology Programs for B.Sc Data Science.
They need a plan for I, II and III Year students.
Request to share the same.
HI Team,
Please find below courses to be delivered for July’25 ( 5 courses) and Aug ’25 ( 5 courses), requesting you to kindly align the course content and trainer and their charges  for the below courses on priority.  You know the costing how it will work for them, would request you to kindly plan accordingly.
Kindly revert for any queries.
Request to share profiles for below training programs.
HI Team,
AI/ML Project
Received a requirement to evaluate final year project of students from CSE/IT/MCA , total of 170 Batches , Majority of the students has done the project in AI domain only. They are asking us to evaluate the project , how it can be still better from industry perspective and ideas to summarise and give suggestion to students and project guide.
Date of evaluation : 1st April 2025
Number of resources required : 5  , Each resource will evaluate 35 Batches.
Kindly let me know whether you can support here with our existing Tech/R&D resources.
Hi Team,
FDP
Dear Prasanna,
We have received two requirements from College.
Faculty Development Program (FDP) to enrich the knowledge of the department faculty members in the field of "Mathematics in Machine Learning." To ensure the session is both insightful and effective, we kindly request your support in providing an expert speaker who can guide our faculty through the mathematical concepts and their applications in machine learning. Budget - 40K for two days.
Guest lecture for the subject "Web mining" in the month of March 2025.  As per the curriculum, the guest lecture has to be taught for about 15 hours and 50% of the portion has to be taught by an industry expert. The remuneration for the above mentioned requirement is maximum of rupees 15,000 for both the days. Below attached the syllabus of the subject. Accept this mail as an official invitation and allocate a resource person from your esteemed organization.
Note : Syllabus for Web Mining attached.
You can let me know the feasibility.
